## Veckoplanering
1. Bestäm projekt, preliminärt GUI, user stories, prototypning, samt workshop Maven/Git
2. Domänmodell, mer prototypning, samt workshop JUnit/Travis
3. Designmodell (torrköra User Stories m.h.a. design modell); körbar (ev. i form av tester bara)
4. Design, MVC
5. Mer design, servicess hantering av resurser
6. Bygga på mer funktionalitet, tester, kvalitetsverktyg, dokumentation
7. (samma som 6.)
8. (samma som 6.)
9. Redovisning

# Meeting Agenda

- Room: EG:5207
- Time: 1200 
- Group: Skyriders
- Date: 20181003
- Chair: John Gidskehaug Lindstrom
- Participants: Everybody


## Objectives (5 min) 
- discuss model- event communication slides from the last lecture (John).
- meeting time, which day to have TA meeting, and which day to have regular meetings.
- Code standard, frameworks to work after (Model View Presenter etc).
- Merging of our branches.
- TODOS: 




## Reports (15 min) from previous meeting
- David / John 
    * David  have completed the UI for backpack / map, added clickevent for gems and chest.
    * John have completed the backpack model.
    * John/David merged their work and made it work dynamically.
- Felix 
  * Changed styles of the map, added colorscheme of the UI map.
  * Made some logic changes of the View of the map
  * Added prettyfier -code standards (intendations etc) to android studio.
- Jesper
  * Finished LocationHandler
  * added test to locationhandler
  * merged to master

- Oskar
  * Looked up guides for best framework of android, wich he will share (Model View Presenter, Contract etc)
  * Looked up some Android specific things.
  * Started work on the RAD.


## Discussion items (35 min)
 - Meetings
   * Change TA meeting to friday
   * Change our Friday meeting to monday 12.00
   
 - Code standard 
   * We can use the the google standard of android ´´https://medium.com/cr8resume/make-you-hand-dirty-with-mvp-model-view-presenter-eab5b5c16e42´´. We will also use the MVP pattern that is a intance of MVC but made for android
   * We will use some prettyfier standard.
   
 - Merging
   * After the meeting is finishe, we will merge our branches to enable further work on our tasks.
  
 - TODOS: 
   * We have to fix the RAD.
   * Fix domain / design diagramme.


## Outcomes and assignments (5 min)

- Fix the RAD - Oskar.
- Fix domain / design diagramme - John.
- Make a first version, merge our branches puzzle everything together to the master branch - Everybody.


## Wrap up

- How to handle observers - events.
- NEXT CHAIRMAN - DAFELIX
